Rename "provider" to "wallet" (#293)
ChainAgnostic/CAIPs: CAIPs/caip-27.md

## Simple Summary

> CAIP-27 defines a JSON-RPC method for requesting methods to a context

Reviewer: maybe the simple summary should be more explicit about the directionality, i.e.

```suggestion
CAIP-27 defines a JSON-RPC method for a wallet-connected application to request that wallet execute an individual method call in a specified context
```

(I think the genitive in the title can be ambiguous, i.e., is the wallet requesting or is this for making requests TO wallets)

{
  "id": 1,
  "jsonrpc": "2.0",

>   "method": "wallet_requestMethod",

Reviewer 2: I thought we preferred `wallet_invokeMethod`?

Author: That's correct! This has been updated
